Add DISCLAIMER.md (#4912)
simple-icons/simple-icons: DISCLAIMER.md

# Disclaimer

Simple Icons asks that users read this disclaimer fully before including an icon in their project.

> ## Table of contents

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Table of Contents
```

> * [Copyright & Trademark](#copyright--trademark)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Copyrights & Trademarks](#copyrights--trademarks)
```

* [Guidelines](#guidelines)
* [Removal of Brands](#removal-of-brands)

> ## Copyright & Trademark

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Copyrights & Trademarks
```

> The Simple Icons package contains a number of logos with specific requirements around their use. Where this is the case, we aim to provide access to the proper guidelines through the 'guidelines' property in the NPM package, or through links on our website. We ask that our users read these terms fully, and display logos at their own risk. Simple Icons cannot be held responsible for any legal activity raised by a brand. If the icon includes a (registered) trademark icon we follow the guidelines [in our Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#icon-guidelines) to decide whether to include the symbol or not.

Reviewer: I'm not sure about the last line of this section (hence the strikethrough); it's probably something we should seek some sort of legal advice on. Either way, it wouldn't do any harm to run this document past someone with legal experience once we finalise it.

```suggestion
The Simple Icons library contains a number of icons with specific requirements around their usage. Where this is the case, we aim to provide access to the proper guidelines through the `guidelines` entry in our JSON file & in our NPM package and through links on our [website](http://simpleicons.org/).

We ask that users of our library read these guidelines fully and display the icons in accordance with them and, where applicable, with the necessary permissions.

If a logo or icon includes a registered trademark or trademark symbol we follow the recommendations outline [in our Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#icon-guidelines) to decide whether to include the symbol or not.

~Simple Icons cannot be held responsible for any legal activity raised by a brand over our users' usage of their icon.~
```

## Guidelines

> While we make every effort to provide guidelines on using an icon, brand style guides frequently change and it is up to users of the project to ensure each icon is used correctly and with permission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that the addition of guidelines to our library is an ongoing project so the absence of a `guidelines` entry for a particular icon does not imply that guidelines for that icon do not exist. Similarly, all guidelines are subject to change and, as we rely largely on our community to help us keep our library updated, the guidelines included in our library for a particular icon may be outdated. Therefore we also ask that users of our library do their own due diligence in researching a brand's guidelines.
```

## Removal of Brands

> Should a brand wish for their icon to be removed from the package, please submit an issue on the [GitHub repo](https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/issues/new/choose) explaining your affiliation with the company, and reasons for removal. We generally remove icons that no longer [meet our criteria](https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#requesting-an-icon) twice a year in our major releases - but can occasionally make exceptions for immediate removal of brands.

Reviewer: Should we provide an email address here instead? I also think we should include a section on updating icons & data that are either outdated or incorrect, or where the brand don't agree with our treatment of their icon.

Author: I feel like yes - is there a way we can set up an email to go to one / all of the @simple-icons/maintainers?

Reviewer 2: > I also think we should include a section on updating icons & data that are either outdated or incorrect, or where the brand don't agree with our treatment of their icon.

I agree that it might be worthwhile to cover both removals and updates

> Should we provide an email address here instead

We should be able to set up an `@simpleicons.org` email address for this given that we own the domain. I'll try to look into the feasibility of this.

Reviewer 2: Quick update, this is possible, but I haven't tried to set it up yet.

Reviewer 2: We're still working on this but I would say we can merge this before we have an email address, agreed @PeterShaggyNoble?

# Disclaimer

Simple Icons asks that users read this disclaimer fully before including an icon in their project.

## Table of Contents

* [Copyrights & Trademarks](#copyrights--trademarks)
* [Guidelines](#guidelines)
* [Removal of Brands](#removal-of-brands)

## Copyrights & Trademarks

The Simple Icons library contains a number of icons with specific requirements around their usage. Where this is the case, we aim to provide access to the proper guidelines through the `guidelines` entry in our JSON file & in our NPM package and through links on our [website](http://simpleicons.org/).

> We ask that users of our library read these guidelines fully and display the icons in accordance with them and, where applicable, with the necessary permissions.

Reviewer 2: The word of the use "library" seems (technically speaking) a bit too restrictive, I think the easiest way to generalize this sentence is as follows. But I'm open to other suggestions

```suggestion
We ask that users of icons in the collection read these guidelines fully and display the icons in accordance with them and, where applicable, with the necessary permissions.
```

If a logo or icon includes a registered trademark or trademark symbol we follow the recommendations outline [in our Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#icon-guidelines) to decide whether to include the symbol or not.

~Simple Icons cannot be held responsible for any legal activity raised by a brand over our users' usage of their icon.~

## Guidelines

> Please note that the addition of guidelines to our library is an ongoing project so the absence of a `guidelines` entry for a particular icon does not imply that guidelines for that icon do not exist. Similarly, all guidelines are subject to change and, as we rely largely on our community to help us keep our library updated, the guidelines included in our library for a particular icon may be outdated. Therefore we also ask that users of our library do their own due diligence in researching a brand's guidelines.

Reviewer 2: I would split the first part here as it is supposed to be temporary.

```suggestion
> NOTE: the addition of guidelines to our library is an ongoing project so the absence of a `guidelines` entry for a particular icon does not imply that guidelines for that icon do not exist.

As guidelines are subject to change and, as we rely largely on our community to help us keep our library updated, the guidelines included in our library for a particular icon may be outdated. Therefore we also ask that users of our library do their own due diligence in researching a brand's guidelines.
```

A second suggestion would be to request readers to inform us of updated brand guidelines, e.g. 

```suggestion
> NOTE: the addition of guidelines to our library is an ongoing project so the absence of a `guidelines` entry for a particular icon does not imply that guidelines for that icon do not exist.

As guidelines are subject to change and, as we rely largely on our community to help us keep our library updated, the guidelines included in our library for a particular icon may be outdated. Therefore we also ask that users of our library do their own due diligence in researching a brand's guidelines. Additionally, we ask you to inform us of outdated brand guidelines through the [GitHub repository].
```

## Removal of Brands

> Should a brand wish for their icon to be removed from the package, please submit an issue on the [GitHub repo](https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/issues/new/choose) explaining your affiliation with the company, and reasons for removal. We generally remove icons that no longer [meet our criteria](https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#requesting-an-icon) twice a year in our major releases - but can occasionally make exceptions for immediate removal of brands.

Reviewer 2: First, using "repo" seems inappropriate in this document and would prefer "repository". Second, given one of the other suggestions, I would suggest we move the actual link for the repo to the end of the document as:

```suggestion
Should a brand wish for their icon to be removed from the package, please submit an issue on the [GitHub repository] explaining your affiliation with the company, and reasons for removal. We generally remove icons that no longer [meet our criteria](https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#requesting-an-icon) twice a year in our major releases - but can occasionally make exceptions for immediate removal of brands.

[GitHub repository]: https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/issues/new/choose
```

# Disclaimer

Simple Icons asks that users read this disclaimer fully before including an icon in their project.

## Table of Contents

* [Copyrights & Trademarks](#copyrights--trademarks)
* [Guidelines](#guidelines)
* [Update of Brands](#update-of-brands)
* [Removal of Brands](#removal-of-brands)

> ## Copyrights & Trademarks
> 
> The Simple Icons project contains a number of icons with specific requirements around their usage. Where this is the case, we aim to provide access to the proper guidelines through the `guidelines` entry in our JSON file, in our NPM package and through links on our [website].
> 
> Some icons are also in the project under specific `licenses`, and we will endeavour to include the relevant information in the JSON file. The lack of a license entry in the JSON does not imply there is no license, simply that we haven't catalogued it yet.
> 
> We ask that users of icons in the collection read the guidelines and license agreements fully and display the icons in accordance with them and, where applicable, with the necessary permissions.
> 
> If a logo or icon includes a registered trademark or trademark symbol we follow the recommendations outline [in our Contribution Guidelines](https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#icon-guidelines) to decide whether to include the symbol or not.
> 
> ~Simple Icons cannot be held responsible for any legal activity raised by a brand over our users' usage of their icon.~
> 
> ## Guidelines
> 
> > NOTE: the addition of guidelines to our project is an ongoing project so the absence of a `guidelines` entry for a particular icon does not imply that guidelines for that icon do not exist.
> 
> As guidelines are subject to change and, as we rely largely on our community to help us keep our project updated, the guidelines included in our project for a particular icon may be outdated. Therefore we also ask that users of our project do their own due diligence in researching a brand's guidelines. Additionally, we ask you to inform us of outdated brand guidelines through the [GitHub repository].

Reviewer 2: I think this is already pretty good, but I mainly feel there is some duplication between these two section so I tried to make them more focused.

Note that the Table of Contents needs to be updated as well.

```suggestion
## Licenses, Copyrights & Trademarks

> NOTE: the addition of licenses to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. Hence, the absence of a licence data for a particular icon does not imply that the icon is not released under a license.

Simple Icons provides data on the license under which icons are available. We ask users to carefully consider this when using an icon. As licenses are subject to change we also ask our users to regularly check if the license of the icons they use have been changed. If an icon includes a registered trademark (`®`) or trademark symbol (`™`) the recommendations outlined [in the Simple Icons Contribution Guidelines] are followed to decide whether to include the symbol or not.

The license under which an icon is available can be found in the icon's entry in the JSON data file in the NPM and Packagist packages.

As we rely largely on our community to help us keep Simple Icons up-to-date, the license data for an icon may be outdated. If you find that the license data provided is outdated, please [submit an issue] to [the Simple Icons GitHub repository].

~Simple Icons cannot be held responsible for any legal activity raised by a brand over our users' usage of their icon.~

## Brand Guidelines

> NOTE: the addition of guidelines to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. Hence, the absence of guidelines for a particular brand does not imply that the brand has no guidelines.

Simple icons provides a link to a brand's _branding guidelines_ (or similar) if the brand provides one. We ask our users to carefully read these guidelines before using the brand's icon. As guidelines are subject to change we also ask our users to regularly check if the brand guidelines of the icons they use have been updated.

The brand guidelines can be found in the icon's entry in the JSON data file in the NPM and Packagist packages, or through the "Brand Guidelines" links on [the Simple Icons website].

As we rely largely on our community to help us keep Simple Icons up-to-date, the guidelines link for a brand may be outdated. If you find that the guidelines are outdated, please [submit an issue] to [the Simple Icons GitHub repository].
```

## Update of Brands

> If the icon in the project does not match the current icon for a brand, please [submit an issue](https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/issues/new/choose), and a member of the community will update the brand in due course. 

Reviewer 2: I think we can make this more consistent with the "Removal of Brands" section, e.g.:

```suggestion
Should a brand wish for their icon or data to be updated, please [submit an issue] to the Simple Icons GitHub repository. In the issue, please explain your affiliation with the company and reasons for the update. We generally release updates once a week, but can occasionally make exceptions for immediate updates of brands. 
```

## Removal of Brands

Should a brand wish for their icon to be removed from the package, please submit an issue on the [GitHub repository] explaining your affiliation with the company, and reasons for removal. We generally remove icons that no longer [meet our criteria](https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#requesting-an-icon) twice a year in our major releases - but can occasionally make exceptions for immediate removal of brands.

Urgent requests for removal can be made by contacting `removals at simpleicons dot org`.

> [GitHub repository]: https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/issues/new/choose
> [website]: https://simpleicons.org/

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest adding a link for submitting an issue and changing the GitHub repository link to just link to the GitHub repository, or possibly GitHub organisation.

```suggestion
[submit an issue]: https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/issues/new/choose
[the Simple Icons Contributing Guidelines]: https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#icon-guidelines
[the Simple Icons GitHub repository]: https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons
[the Simple Icons website]: https://simpleicons.org/
```

(I generally like including "the" in links to distinguish it from "a" and to make the link text bigger and easier to click on, but I'm not opposed to leaving it out)

# Disclaimer

> Simple Icons asks that users read this disclaimer fully before including an icon in their project.

Reviewer 2: Not sure, but maybe like:

```suggestion
Simple Icons asks that its users read this disclaimer fully before including an icon in their project.
```

## Table of Contents

* [Licenses, Copyrights & Trademarks](#licenses-copyrights--trademarks)

> * [Guidelines](#brand-guidelines)

Reviewer 2: For consistency, this should be:

```suggestion
* [Brand Guidelines](#brand-guidelines)
```

* [Update of Brands](#update-of-brands)
* [Removal of Brands](#removal-of-brands)

## Licenses, Copyrights & Trademarks

> > NOTE: the addition of licenses to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. Hence, the absence of a licence data for a particular icon does not imply that the icon is not released under a license.

Reviewer 2: Minor mistake in this sentence:

```suggestion
> NOTE: the addition of licenses to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. Hence, the absence of licence data for a particular icon does not imply that the icon is not released under a license.
```

Or

```suggestion
> NOTE: the addition of licenses to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. Hence, the absence of a licence for a particular icon does not imply that the icon is not released under a license.
```

> Simple Icons provides data on the license under which icons are available. We ask users to carefully consider this when using an icon. As licenses are subject to change we also ask our users to regularly check if the license of the icons they use have been changed. If an icon includes a registered trademark (`®`) or trademark symbol (`™`) the recommendations outlined [in the Simple Icons Contribution Guidelines] are followed to decide whether to include the symbol or not.

Reviewer 2: Just noticed this link doesn't work, I think this should fix it.

```suggestion
Simple Icons provides data on the license under which icons are available. We ask users to carefully consider this when using an icon. As licenses are subject to change we also ask our users to regularly check if the license of the icons they use have been changed. If an icon includes a registered trademark (`®`) or trademark symbol (`™`) the recommendations outlined in [the Simple Icons Contributing Guidelines] are followed to decide whether to include the symbol or not.
```

The license under which an icon is available can be found in the icon's entry in the JSON data file in the NPM and Packagist packages.

As we rely largely on our community to help us keep Simple Icons up-to-date, the license data for an icon may be outdated. If you find that the license data provided is outdated, please [submit an issue] to [the Simple Icons GitHub repository].

> Simple Icons cannot be held responsible for any legal activity raised by a brand over the user of their icon through Simple Icons.

Reviewer 2: Oops, there was a typo in my suggestion :sweat_smile: 

```suggestion
Simple Icons cannot be held responsible for any legal activity raised by a brand over the use of their icon through Simple Icons.
```

> Simple Icons cannot be held responsible for any legal activity raised by a brand over the use of their icon through Simple Icons, and expect our users to request permission from the brands in question when using icons.

Reviewer 2: Maybe reword this slightly so it is clear this isn't always required:

```suggestion
Simple Icons cannot be held responsible for any legal activity raised by a brand over the use of their icon through Simple Icons. Users of Simple icons are expected to request permission to use a brand's icon when necessary.
```

Also, I feel like this should be mentioned a little bit earlier in this section. Maybe something like:

```markdown
## Licenses, Copyrights & Trademarks

> NOTE: the addition of licenses to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. Hence, the absence of a licence data for a particular icon does not imply that the icon is not released under a license.

Simple Icons provides data on the license under which icons are available. We ask users to carefully consider this when using an icon. Users of Simple icons are expected to request permission to use a brand's icon when necessary. As licenses are subject to change we also ask our users to regularly check if the license of the icons they use have been changed.

The license under which an icon is available can be found in the icon's entry in the JSON data file in the NPM and Packagist packages.

As we rely largely on our community to help us keep Simple Icons up-to-date, the license data for an icon may be outdated. If you find that the license data provided is outdated, please [submit an issue] to [the Simple Icons GitHub repository].

If an icon includes a registered trademark (`®`) or trademark symbol (`™`) the recommendations outlined in [the Simple Icons Contributing Guidelines] are followed to decide whether to include the symbol or not.

Simple Icons cannot be held responsible for any legal activity raised by a brand over the use of their icon through Simple Icons.
```

## Brand Guidelines

> NOTE: the addition of guidelines to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. Hence, the absence of guidelines for a particular brand does not imply that the brand has no guidelines.

Simple icons provides a link to a brand's _branding guidelines_ (or similar) if the brand provides one. We ask our users to carefully read these guidelines before using the brand's icon. As guidelines are subject to change we also ask our users to regularly check if the brand guidelines of the icons they use have been updated.

The brand guidelines can be found in the icon's entry in the JSON data file in the NPM and Packagist packages, or through the "Brand Guidelines" links on [the Simple Icons website].

As we rely largely on our community to help us keep Simple Icons up-to-date, the guidelines link for a brand may be outdated. If you find that the guidelines are outdated, please [submit an issue] to [the Simple Icons GitHub repository].

## Update of Brands

> Should a brand wish for their icon or data to be updated, please [submit an issue] to the Simple Icons GitHub repository. In the issue, please explain your affiliation with the company and reasons for the update. We generally release updates once a week, but can occasionally make exceptions for immediate updates of brands.

Reviewer 2: For consistency, this should be:

```suggestion
Should a brand wish for their icon or data to be updated, please [submit an issue] to [the Simple Icons GitHub repository]. In the issue, please explain your affiliation with the company and reasons for the update. We generally release updates once a week, but can occasionally make exceptions for immediate updates of brands.
```

# Disclaimer

Simple Icons asks that its users read this disclaimer fully before including an icon in their project.

## Table of Contents

* [Licenses, Copyrights & Trademarks](#licenses-copyrights--trademarks)
* [Brand Guidelines](#brand-guidelines)
* [Update of Brands](#update-of-brands)
* [Removal of Brands](#removal-of-brands)

## Licenses, Copyrights & Trademarks

> > NOTE: the addition of licenses to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. Hence, the absence of licence data for a particular icon does not imply that the icon is not released under a license.

Reviewer: We should probably also note here that it doesn't imply the icon is released under CC0, either.

> > NOTE: the addition of licenses to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. Hence, the absence of licence data for a particular icon does not imply that the icon is not released under a license.
> 
> > NOTE: Simple Icons is released under CC0 - though that doesn't mean to imply that all icons within the project are also CC0. Please see individual licenses where available.

Reviewer 3: What about group this two notes in only one blockquote?

```suggestion
> NOTE:
> - The addition of licenses to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. Hence, the absence of licence data for a particular icon does not imply that the icon is not released under a license.
> - Simple Icons is released under CC0 - though that doesn't mean to imply that all icons within the project are also CC0. Please see individual licenses where available.
```

> Simple Icons provides data on the license under which icons are available. We ask users to carefully consider this when using an icon. Users of Simple icons are expected to request permission to use a brand's icon when necessary. As licenses are subject to change we also ask our users to regularly check if the license of the icons they use have been changed.

Reviewer: I'd move the sentence about permissions either to the end of this section or into the guidelines section as it's usually in the guidelines that we'll find the explicit requirement to seek permission.

The license under which an icon is available can be found in the icon's entry in the JSON data file in the NPM and Packagist packages.

As we rely largely on our community to help us keep Simple Icons up-to-date, the license data for an icon may be outdated. If you find that the license data provided is outdated, please [submit an issue] to [the Simple Icons GitHub repository].

If an icon includes a registered trademark (`®`) or trademark symbol (`™`) the recommendations outlined in [the Simple Icons Contributing Guidelines] are followed to decide whether to include the symbol or not.

> Simple Icons cannot be held responsible for any legal activity raised by a brand over the use of their icon through Simple Icons.

Reviewer: Still not sure about this line, just because we say something is so doesn't make it legally so! If we're including it, though, I'd suggest also mentioning potential legal issues raised by a user, too.

Simple Icons cannot be held responsible for any legal activity raised by a brand, or users of the package. We ask that our users seek the correct permissions to use the icons relevant to their project.

## Brand Guidelines

> > NOTE: the addition of guidelines to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. Hence, users of Simple Icons should always check at the `source` URL to see if guidance is listed there in the absence of a specific `guidelines` page. The lack of a `guidelines` entry for a particular brand does not imply that the brand has no guidelines.

Reviewer: One last small one from me:
```suggestion
> NOTE: the addition of guidelines to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. In the meantime, users of Simple Icons are instead encouraged to check the `source` URL as, in some cases, the icon will have been sourced from official guidelines. The lack of a `guidelines` entry for a particular brand does not imply that the brand has no guidelines.
```

> Simple icons provides a link to a brand's _branding guidelines_ (or similar) if the brand provides one. We ask our users to carefully read these guidelines before using the brand's icon. As guidelines are subject to change we also ask our users to regularly check if the brand guidelines of the icons they use have been updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simple icons provides a link to a brand's _branding guidelines_ (or similar) if the brand provides one. We ask our users to carefully read these guidelines and ensure their usage of the brand's icon is in accordance with them. As guidelines are subject to change we also ask our users to regularly check if the brand guidelines of the icons they use have been updated.
```

As we rely largely on our community to help us keep Simple Icons up-to-date, the guidelines link for a brand may be outdated. If you find that the guidelines are outdated, please [submit an issue] to [the Simple Icons GitHub repository].

## Update of Brands

Should a brand wish for their icon or data to be updated, please [submit an issue] to [the Simple Icons GitHub repository]. In the issue, please explain your affiliation with the company and reasons for the update. We generally release updates once a week, but can occasionally make exceptions for immediate updates of brands.

## Removal of Brands

Should a brand wish for their icon to be removed from the package, please [submit an issue] on [the Simple Icons GitHub repository] explaining your affiliation with the company, and reasons for removal. We generally remove icons that no longer [meet our criteria](https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#requesting-an-icon) twice a year in our major releases - but can occasionally make exceptions for immediate removal of brands.

> Urgent requests for removal can be made by contacting `removals at simpleicons dot org`.

Reviewer: I think this should be the first line in this section as, urgent or not, I think both we & the company in question would prefer to deal with such requests privately rather then in a public forum. Also, in the worst case scenario that the request is coming from a legal team, we can't assume they have any familiarity with GH nor will appreciate having to register for an account.

Obviously, the inclusion of this line means that we'll need to hold on the PR until the email hosting is set up.

Reviewer 2: Fair enough. Something along the lines of the following then?

```markdown
Should a brand wish for their icon to be removed from the package, contact `removals at simpleicons dot org`. Alternatively, it is also possible to [submit an issue] ...
```

Reviewer 2: _"explaining your affiliation with the company, and reasons for removal"_ should probably already be mentioned for the email, and then something like "or create an issue with the same information" :thinking:

Author: @ericcornelissen just added that in an update.

Reviewer 2: I was responding to the updated version :slightly_smiling_face: in a3f99b4ea686386c08a8411b07b4ae7d960cb78a it says

```
Should a brand wish for their icon to be removed from the package, contact `removals at simpleicons
dot org`. Alternatively, it is also possible to [submit an issue] on [the Simple Icons GitHub repository]
explaining your affiliation with the company, and reasons for removal. [...]
```

My suggestion is something along the lines of 

```
Should a brand wish for their icon to be removed from the package, contact `removals at simpleicons
dot org` explaining your affiliation with the company, and reasons for removal. Alternatively, it is also
possible to [submit an issue] on [the Simple Icons GitHub repository] with the same information. [...]
```

Author: Would've helped if I pushed the update before saying I'd done it - wouldn't it? 😅

Reviewer 2: :laughing: I see now, thanks for the update :+1:

> Should a brand wish for their icon to be removed from the package, contact `removals at simpleicons dot org` explaining your affiliation with the company, and reasons for removal. Alternatively, it is also possible to [submit an issue] on [the Simple Icons GitHub repository] with the same information. We generally remove icons that no longer [meet our criteria](https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#requesting-an-icon) twice a year in our major releases - but can occasionally make exceptions for immediate removal of brands.

Reviewer 3: For consistency with other links and better readability in raw text, this should be a referenced one?

```suggestion
Should a brand wish for their icon to be removed from the package, contact `removals at simpleicons dot org` explaining your affiliation with the company, and reasons for removal. Alternatively, it is also possible to [submit an issue] on [the Simple Icons GitHub repository] with the same information. We generally remove icons that no longer [meet our criteria] twice a year in our major releases - but can occasionally make exceptions for immediate removal of brands.

[meet out criteria]: https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#requesting-an-icon
```

> [submit an issue]: https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/issues/new/choose

Reviewer 3: Since all "submit an issue" links fit within the scope of the `icon outdated` label, why not just pointing to that template opening issues?

```suggestion
[submit an issue]: https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/issues/new?labels=icon+outdated&template=icon_update.md
```

Reviewer 2: Though I'm fine either way, the current URL is less likely to change in the future so I'd be slightly in favor of that.

# Disclaimer

Simple Icons asks that its users read this disclaimer fully before including an icon in their project.

## Table of Contents

* [Licenses, Copyrights & Trademarks](#licenses-copyrights--trademarks)
* [Brand Guidelines](#brand-guidelines)
* [Update of Brands](#update-of-brands)
* [Removal of Brands](#removal-of-brands)

## Licenses, Copyrights & Trademarks

> > NOTE: The addition of licenses to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. Hence, the absence of licence data for a particular icon does not imply that the icon is not released under a license.
> > NOTE: Simple Icons is released under CC0 - though that doesn't mean to imply that all icons within the project are also CC0. Please see individual licenses where available.

Reviewer 2: There should be an extra newline here

```suggestion
> NOTE: The addition of licenses to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. Hence, the absence of licence data for a particular icon does not imply that the icon is not released under a license.

> NOTE: Simple Icons is released under CC0 - though that doesn't mean to imply that all icons within the project are also CC0. Please see individual licenses where available.
```

#### Before

> NOTE: The addition of licenses to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. Hence, the absence of licence data for a particular icon does not imply that the icon is not released under a license.
> NOTE: Simple Icons is released under CC0 - though that doesn't mean to imply that all icons within the project are also CC0. Please see individual licenses where available.

#### After

> NOTE: The addition of licenses to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. Hence, the absence of licence data for a particular icon does not imply that the icon is not released under a license.

> NOTE: Simple Icons is released under CC0 - though that doesn't mean to imply that all icons within the project are also CC0. Please see individual licenses where available.

# Disclaimer

Simple Icons asks that its users read this disclaimer fully before including an icon in their project.

## Table of Contents

* [Licenses, Copyrights & Trademarks](#licenses-copyrights--trademarks)
* [Brand Guidelines](#brand-guidelines)
* [Update of Brands](#update-of-brands)
* [Removal of Brands](#removal-of-brands)

## Licenses, Copyrights & Trademarks

> > NOTE:
> > - The addition of licenses to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. Hence, the absence of licence data for a particular icon does not imply that the icon is not released under a license.
> > - Simple Icons is released under CC0 - though that doesn't mean to imply that all icons within the project are also CC0. Please see individual licenses where available.

Reviewer 2: Stylistic suggestion, should we just split this into two separate notes?

```suggestion
> NOTE: The addition of licenses to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. Hence, the absence of licence data for a particular icon does not imply that the icon is not released under a license.
> NOTE: Simple Icons is released under CC0 - though that doesn't mean to imply that all icons within the project are also CC0. Please see individual licenses where available.
```

> Simple Icons provides data on the license under which icons are available. We ask users to carefully consider this when using an icon.  As licenses are subject to change we also ask our users to regularly check if the license of the icons they use have been changed.

Reviewer 2: Minor, but this extra space should go.

```suggestion
Simple Icons provides data on the license under which icons are available. We ask users to carefully consider this when using an icon. As licenses are subject to change we also ask our users to regularly check if the license of the icons they use have been changed.
```

> The license under which an icon is available can be found in the icon's entry in the JSON data file in the NPM and Packagist packages.

Reviewer 2: This should also mention the license data is available on the website.

```suggestion
The license under which an icon is available can be found in the icon's entry in the JSON data file in the NPM and Packagist packages, or through the license link on the icon's card on [the Simple Icons website].
```

As we rely largely on our community to help us keep Simple Icons up-to-date, the license data for an icon may be outdated. If you find that the license data provided is outdated, please [submit an issue] to [the Simple Icons GitHub repository].

If an icon includes a registered trademark (`®`) or trademark symbol (`™`) the recommendations outlined in [the Simple Icons Contributing Guidelines] are followed to decide whether to include the symbol or not.

Simple Icons cannot be held responsible for any legal activity raised by a brand, or users of the package. We ask that our users seek the correct permissions to use the icons relevant to their project.

## Brand Guidelines

> > NOTE: the addition of guidelines to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. In the meantime, users of Simple Icons are instead encouraged to check the `source` URL as, in some cases, the icon will have been sourced from official guidelines. The lack of a `guidelines` entry for a particular brand does not imply that the brand has no guidelines.

Reviewer 2: Do we want to make this (and the other notes) prettier with an icon?

```suggestion
> :information_source: NOTE: the addition of guidelines to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. In the meantime, users of Simple Icons are instead encouraged to check the `source` URL as, in some cases, the icon will have been sourced from official guidelines. The lack of a `guidelines` entry for a particular brand does not imply that the brand has no guidelines.
```

Which would look like this on GitHub

> :information_source: NOTE: the addition of guidelines to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. In the meantime, users of Simple Icons are instead encouraged to check the `source` URL as, in some cases, the icon will have been sourced from official guidelines. The lack of a `guidelines` entry for a particular brand does not imply that the brand has no guidelines.

Author: I like that - what do other @simple-icons/maintainers think before I go through them all and add the icons?

> Simple icons provides a link to a brand's _branding guidelines_ (or similar) if the brand provides one. We ask our users read these guidelines and ensure their usage of the brand's icon is in accordance with them. As guidelines are subject to change we also ask our users to regularly check if the brand guidelines of the icons they use have been updated.

Reviewer 2: Minor but we are writing our name as "Simple Icons" everywhere so for consistency:

```suggestion
Simple Icons provides a link to a brand's _branding guidelines_ (or similar) if the brand provides one. We ask our users read these guidelines and ensure their usage of the brand's icon is in accordance with them. As guidelines are subject to change we also ask our users to regularly check if the brand guidelines of the icons they use have been updated.
```

> The brand guidelines can be found in the icon's entry in the JSON data file in the NPM and Packagist packages, or through the "Brand Guidelines" links on [the Simple Icons website].

Reviewer 2: Suggestion for improved clarity + keeping this consistent with the same sentence for licenses:

```suggestion
The brand guidelines can be found in the icon's entry in the JSON data file in the NPM and Packagist packages, or through the "Brand Guidelines" link on the icon's card on [the Simple Icons website].
```

As we rely largely on our community to help us keep Simple Icons up-to-date, the guidelines link for a brand may be outdated. If you find that the guidelines are outdated, please [submit an issue] to [the Simple Icons GitHub repository].

## Update of Brands

> Should a brand wish for their icon or data to be updated, please [submit an issue] to [the Simple Icons GitHub repository]. In the issue, please explain your affiliation with the company and reasons for the update. We generally release updates once a week, but can occasionally make exceptions for immediate updates of brands.

Reviewer 2: I'd omit the word "occasionally" in this sentence.

```suggestion
Should a brand wish for their icon or data to be updated, please [submit an issue] to [the Simple Icons GitHub repository]. In the issue, please explain your affiliation with the company and reasons for the update. We generally release updates once a week, but can make exceptions for immediate updates of brands.
```

## Removal of Brands

Should a brand wish for their icon to be removed from the package, contact `removals at simpleicons dot org` explaining your affiliation with the company, and reasons for removal. Alternatively, it is also possible to [submit an issue] on [the Simple Icons GitHub repository] with the same information. We generally remove icons that no longer [meet our criteria] twice a year in our major releases - but can occasionally make exceptions for immediate removal of brands.

> [meet out criteria]: https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#requesting-an-icon

Reviewer 2: Typo here

```suggestion
[meet our criteria]: https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons/blob/develop/CONTRIBUTING.md#requesting-an-icon
```

Simple Icons provides data on the license under which icons are available. We ask users to carefully consider this when using an icon.  As licenses are subject to change we also ask our users to regularly check if the license of the icons they use have been changed.

The license under which an icon is available can be found in the icon's entry in the JSON data file in the NPM and Packagist packages.

As we rely largely on our community to help us keep Simple Icons up-to-date, the license data for an icon may be outdated. If you find that the license data provided is outdated, please [submit an issue] to [the Simple Icons GitHub repository].

If an icon includes a registered trademark (`®`) or trademark symbol (`™`) the recommendations outlined in [the Simple Icons Contributing Guidelines] are followed to decide whether to include the symbol or not.

Simple Icons cannot be held responsible for any legal activity raised by a brand, or users of the package. We ask that our users seek the correct permissions to use the icons relevant to their project.

## Brand Guidelines

> > NOTE: the addition of guidelines to Simple Icons is an ongoing project. Hence, the absence of guidelines for a particular brand does not imply that the brand has no guidelines.

Reviewer: One last little change and I think this should be good to go once we get the email address set up: I think it might be a good idea to include a note here that while we work on adding guidelines for all existing icons that users should also check the source URL as it can often be the a link to the guidelines.

Author: Good shout. Added it onto the note line on guidelines.

Reviewer 2: One minor nitpick regarding 18cb2be3cd4140b3e24dd33c701785205fecb1e9, I don't think the newline should be there.

One minor nitpick regarding 61c08d6868fff7055ac098982c52d23927ece007, I think we should switch the sentence around. So instead of "Users of Simple Icons should do this, in the absence of guidelines", write it as "In the absence of guidelines, users of Simple Icons should do this".

Author: Try that one out. Should have both your suggested edits in.
